Notification Plugin docs (#22)
breez/breez-sdk-liquid-docs: src/notifications/changing_strings.md

> # Changing default strings

Reviewer: ⚠️ Exemplary suggestion.

If previous suggestion to use title cases on titles is to be implemented, it should affect all other links and the titles on the pages themselves.
```suggestion
# Changing Default Strings
```

> The Notification Plugin uses a set of identifiers and default strings to display messages when processing push notifications. These default strings can be customised by the application. For example, if you wanted to change the `lnurl_pay_metadata_plain_text`, which sets the LNURL-pay text/plain metadata.

Reviewer: It looks like we're showing how to modify `lnurl_pay_metadata_plain_text` on the following examples. Perhaps it's better to word this as:
```suggestion
The Notification Plugin uses a set of identifiers and default strings to display messages when processing push notifications. These default strings can be customised by the application. For example, to change the `lnurl_pay_metadata_plain_text`, which sets the LNURL-pay text/plain metadata, you can modify it as follows:
```

## Android

> In the `string.xml` file of the application's `res/values` directory, add the key/value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `string.xml` file of the application's `res/values` directory, add the key/value pair:
```

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<resources>
    <string name="lnurl_pay_metadata_plain_text">Pay to Custom App</string>
</resources>
```
You can find the current identifiers and default strings [here](https://github.com/breez/breez-sdk-liquid/blob/main/lib/bindings/langs/android/lib/src/main/kotlin/breez_sdk_liquid_notification/Constants.kt)

## iOS

> In the `Info.plist` file of the `NotificationService` target, add the key/value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Info.plist` file of the `NotificationService` target, add the key/value pair:
```
